Update when _not_ to do offsites in SF/London (#17835)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/spending-money.md

- We strongly encourage team members to try and work together in person when practical. This isn't limited to just working with people in your team, but we expect that you have a reasonable reason you need to work together. You should default to doing this in SF/London, so you'll run into other PostHog people too.
- If you're in the same place as other team members, even if you aren't directly working together, PostHog will cover the cost of a dinner or a fun activity
- When visiting customers (or potential customers), we should look for opportunities to connect with them over a meal. These don't need to be extravagant, but they should be appropriate to the size and expectations of the customer. If you would be comfortable justifying the spend publicly in All Hands, you're probably fine.

#### Hub travel budget

> We want to encourage people to visit our hubs in SF (Hogpatch) and London (Hedgehouse). You still need _some_ reason, like an event you're talking at, working with a specific person who will also be there, but 

Reviewer: ", but ", did something get cut off here?

Reviewer 2: i think its an incomplete pr, [this](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/pull/17835/changes#r3457484191) change also does not make sense

> We want to encourage people to visit our hubs in SF (Hogpatch) and London (Hedgehouse). You still need _some_ reason, like an event you're talking at, working with a specific person who will also be there, but 

Reviewer 3: I think requiring a reason defeats the purpose a bit. We just want people to get together. 

```suggestion
We encourage people to visit our hubs in SF (Hogpatch) and London (Hedgehouse). These places generally have a high density of PostHog employees around, so you'll get to meet people from other teams, which makes cross-team work much easier and more successful. SF also has the benefit of being the epicenter of everything happening in tech, and we have lots of YC founders working out of Hogpatch who you can meet and learn from. It's good to get exposure to this, especially if you don't live in SF or haven't been recently.

There is no specific travel budget, this can come out of your general employee budget. We strongly encourage you to use your budget for this reason!

If you do decide to come, we ask that you make the trip worthwhile - attend a conference, speak at an event, gather a few colleagues to come with you at the same time and work on something specific together. Don't just pop in and put your headphones in while there - make it worth your while.
```
